When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    The main thing is to backup your commits if somehow your computer is not working or all files are deleted. It is easier to get the code from git hub. One advantage is for other programmers can check your code, they might help.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

	We do not always want to pull any changes automatically since there are times we have different programmers working the project. It will be confusing when other people is working on the same project and all are receiving each others changes.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    forks are copying commits from github to github. Best to use it when I need to get a copy from a different person from github to my github
    
    clones are copying commits from github to computer and computer to computer. Best if I need to get a copy from github to my computer

    branches can identify sets of commits which contains history of changes. Best to use only the master branch unless there are major changes that in the end will let me choose which option to use.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    If we have different changes in github and our local branch, we can fetch a copy from github to our local remote
    then we can edit the changes we want to conclude and merge it. We can also fetch the commit from github store it to local remote, edit or make changes of our local branch. Then merge local remote and local branch whenever we are ready

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    Since I have known Git and GitHub, I can no longer find an easier way to collaborate with other people. Other options will be harder, like sending txt files or copy of the files via email or other messenger   

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    Fill in your answer here
